
I just found out that 750 words isn't free haha. I mean it's not strange or anything, given that it does at least need to pay for the server cost, not to mention maintenance cost for the 2 people (though I assume it's not hard? the site is fine as it is, it doesn't have to have bloat features that distract people from using the main product.) Anyway I won't be paying for it, I'm still not buying the benefits of writing 750 words per day. Logically it makes sense, in a "practice makes perfect" way; but then again I don't need someone to sell me a service to do this...

On to the second day of writing 750 words.

The wife and I went to TMII today. I wasn't very excited at first, but I was quite impressed by the park management. I had vague memories of theme parks in Indonesia being disgusting and super crowded (the last trip to Ancol some time ago with the Agriaku folks didn't disprove that idea.) But TMII was surprisingly not that. The road was super clean given the foot traffic, and it doesn't feel very crowded (other than the Anjungans, but we didn't go inside.) I was impressed by the bird park, which surprisingly didn't smell like bird poop. There hardly were any, considering the birds were literally everywhere in that cage. I only saw 1-2 people sweeping the garden in the bird park, yet it seems to be enough to upkeep the hygiene. Not sure how they do it, but it was good. I got to be up close with rare birds too, which is nice. I have to admit I wasn't very excited (I wasn't in the moment; should've paid more attention...) but all in all, it was very fulfilling. I got to ride an electric scooter with the wife too, which I wasn't sure of at first. I didn't think I could do a good job riding it - but then I did (I think I did, but there were things to be improved on.) I want to go to TMII a couple more times given the chance, just to ride the electric scooter and practice my riding skills. I need to build the confidence to be able to attempt to ride it somewhere else. The goal would be to be so autopilot at things like turn signals, looking at rear-view mirrors, and proper accelerate/decelerate/break. If I can master those, I think I will have more confidence riding an actual motorcycle in the streets. At least I know I won't be stumped that much by the technicalities. Renting the electric scooter probably doesn't help with my parking skills though, I need to practice that somewhere else.

I think today could be a watershed moment for me. Adib the self-identifying loser managed to do something he thought he couldn't do, and reasonably well too. Now I feel like I can take on bigger challenges, like finally mustering up the courage to take driving lessons maybe. I need to discuss with the wife about my plan to buy a car again. We need to discuss the financial details about that for sure, but I think this is very imporant for the loser Adib. Will I ever finally feel enough afterwards? Hopefully. I want to at least not be self-conscious about it all the time. I don't have to break the news to other people being surprised that I couldn't ride shit. Maybe Papa will see me in a better light too. Scratch that. I'm sure he will.

Now that I think about it, this is my first time writing about my self-consciousness. I'll be sure to not make this the last time as well; this is therapeutic haha. I'm also gonna make sure to get more practice riding e-scooter at TMII. I will do it. for myself, for others to not look down on me. Then I will finally have a car maybe late next year or 2025, and then use it to go to and from office. Then I can see eye to eye about car stuff with my team, which I haven't been able to do. I think it will be worth it. The society's pressure for me to conform will finally be relieved. I need to do this.

I'm thinking about finance too, with my current salary and the wife's salary we probably cannot afford to move out to a better apartment yet. There are things I want to prioritize first, like insurance which will be ~2mil/mth, paying off debts to Hilmy which will be ~3mil/mth, contingency saving which will be ~4mil/mth, saving enough for traveling to South Korea (the wife's wishlist not mine), and then, hopefully, pay installments for my own car.