What were your best lessons from 2023?

For me, it can be summarized into these two paradoxical quotes. There were many times when I felt organizations and individuals (including myself) made sub-optimal decisions due to a lack of clarity and/or daunting complexity of a particular initiative. This is where a more deliberate judgment should come in - there are different levels of granularity where one should favor heavy upfront design vs bias to action. Both of these approaches have their downsides, with real business consequences.

Heavy upfront planning should be done for initiatives that are big in scope and hard to rollback (think reorganizations). Any part that is unclear shouldn't be figured out "as you go", as it would cause too much chaos among many involved parties. On the other hand, low-hanging fruits should be done in an ad-hoc way. Can different UI designs increase conversion? A/B test it. Code repository getting harder to maintain? do some refactoring and perform regression tests. Are some request latency or observability metrics sub-optimal? Improve it now (before it's too late). From personal experience, software engineering teams in small-to-medium-sized companies usually have a lot of these in their backlog. These backlog tasks are also typically rarely addressed, because the business doesn't feel it's important, which is a huge mistake (prioritizing backlog tasks are hard to justify using the OKR/ KPI system, hence all of the best engineers I know do these in their own free time aside from feature developments.)

Having a proper balance of when to think over things and when to just do it and see where it goes is a very important skill, not just for software engineers but also for the decision-makers.